<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task
  PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="d44e68"><title>Enable Monitoring</title><taskbody><context><p>All MS SQL Server services must have a device entry under the
    <filepath>/Devices/Server/Windows/MSSQLServer</filepath>
    device class. In addition, verify that your <ph conkeyref="names/platform"/> Windows service account has access to the MS
    SQL Server service.</p></context><steps-informal><ol>
      <li>
        <p>Navigate to the device or device class in the <ph conkeyref="names/platform"/> interface.</p>

        <ul>
          <li>
            <p>If applying changes to a device class:</p>

            <ol>
              <li>
                <p>Select the class in the devices hierarchy.</p>
              </li>

              <li>
                <p>Click <b>Details</b>.</p>
              </li>

              <li>
                <p>Select Configuration Properties.</p>
              </li>
            </ol>
          </li>

          <li>
            <p>If applying changes to a device:</p>

            <ol>
              <li>
                <p>Click the device in the device list.</p>
              </li>

              <li>
                <p>Select Configuration Properties.</p>
              </li>
            </ol>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </li>

      <li>
        <p>Verify the credentials for the service account to access the
        service.</p>

        <table>
          <title>MS SQL Server Configuration Properties</title>

          <tgroup cols="2">
            <colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1*"/>
            <colspec colname="c2" colwidth="4*"/>
            <thead>
              <row>
                <entry>Name</entry>
                <entry>Description</entry>
              </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
              <row>
                <entry><p>zWinUser</p></entry>
                <entry><p>Windows user with privileges to gather
                performance information.</p></entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry><p>zWinPassword</p></entry>
                <entry><p>Password for the above user.</p></entry>
              </row>
            </tbody>
          </tgroup>
        </table>
      </li>

      <li>
        <p>Click <b>Save</b> to save your
        changes.</p>

        <p>You will now be able to start collecting the MS SQL Server
        server metrics from this device.</p>
      </li>

      <li>
        <p>Navigate to Graphs to see placeholders for graphs. After
        approximately fifteen minutes, the graphs start to become populated
        with information.</p>
      </li>
    </ol>
      <note>For more information about user credentials and troubleshooting 
        WMI connections, see <xref keyref="reference-ZenPacks.zenoss.WindowsMonitor"/>.</note>
    </steps-informal></taskbody></task>
