<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="d44e221">
  <title>Collecting Information from Non-Default Microsoft SQL Server Instances</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context><p>The default Microsoft SQL Sever instance is SQLServer. The
    monitoring template delivered with this ZenPack uses this
    default instance to gather performance metrics. If you use a non-default
    SQL Server instance, then <ph conkeyref="names/platform"/> does not automatically find and gather
    information about it.</p>
      
      <p>To enable <ph conkeyref="names/platform"/> to monitor a non-default instance, you must
    override the monitoring template:</p>
    </context>
    <steps-informal>
      <ol>
      <li>
        <p>From Infrastructure &gt; Devices, click the device on which you
        want to override the template.</p>
      </li>

      <li>
        <p>Under Monitoring Templates, select the MSSQLServer
        template.</p>
      </li>

      <li>
        <p>From the Action menu, select Override Template Here.</p>

        <p>The Override Templates dialog appears.</p>
      </li>

      <li>
        <p>Select the MSSQLServer template in the list, and then click
        <b>Submit</b>.</p>

        <p>The template redisplays in the left panel, now identified as
        "Locally Defined."</p>
      </li>

      <li>
        <p>For each of the data sources in the Data Sources area, perform
        these steps:</p>

        <ol>
          <li>
            <p>Double-click the data source to edit it.</p>
          </li>

          <li>
            <p>In the Perf Counter field, change the text "\SQLServer:" to
            "\<i>MyInstance</i>:" (where
            <i>MyInstance</i> is the name of the Microsoft SQL
            Server database instance name.</p>
          </li>

          <li>
            <p>Click <b>Save</b>.</p>
          </li>
        </ol>
      </li>

      <li>
        <p>Remodel the device.</p>
      </li>
    </ol></steps-informal></taskbody></task>
